CRAYSAT-1734: Update bootprep usage docs for multi-arch support (#111)
Cray-HPE/docs-sat: docs/usage/sat_bootprep.md

- name: example-cos-image
  ref_name: example-cos-image
  description: >
    An example image built from the recipe provided by the COS product.
  base:
    product:
      name: cos
      version: 2.3.101
      type: recipe
- name: example-compute-image
  description: >
    An example image configured from an image built from the recipe provided
    by the COS product.
  base:
    image_ref: example-cos-image
  configuration: example-compute-config
  configuration_group_names:
  - Compute
```

Note that this example assumes that the given version of the `cos` product
provides only a single IMS recipe. If more than one recipe is provided by the
given version of the `cos` product, then a filter must be used as described in
[Filter Base Images from a Product](#filter-base-images-from-a-product).

> #### Filter Base Images from a Product

Author: What would you think about instead adding a couple other headings above this. They would be:

#### Use Base Images or Recipes from IMS

This one would be before line 174.

#### Use Base Images or Recipes from a Product

This one would be before line 195.

> #### Filter Base Images from a Product

Author: I made the heading change from your suggestion, but I didn't apply your suggestion in order to also update where it was linked to from other parts of the document. I also added the headings from my comment above. Let me know what you think.

  - Management_Storage
```

Here is an example of two IMS images built from recipes provided by the `cos`
product. This example uses a filter architecture to select from the multiple
images provided by the COS product. The first image will be built from the
x86\_64 version of the IMS recipe provided by the `cos` product of the
specified version. The second image will be built from the aarch64 version of

> the IMS recipe provided by the `cos` product of the specified version.

Author: I'll have to check on whether that `x86_64` still needs a backslash with your edit to put it in backticks, but otherwise, looks good.

```

Here is an example of a BOS session template that refers to an image from the

> input file by its `ref_name` and targets nodes with role "Compute" and
> architecture "ARM" in HSM. Note that usage of the `image_ref` key requires that

Reviewer: ```suggestion
input file by its `ref_name` and targets nodes with the role `Compute` and the
architecture `ARM` in HSM. Note that using the `image_ref` key requires that
```
